---
layout: default
title: The Stories of A. Andiron
---


# Blood and Sand

The liquid-orange globule of the last of the day's sun sank into the
horizon. A molten core running away with a reaction so hot that it there
could be no containing it as it burned its way into the cold earth. The
shadows that had been walking steadily across the desert tipped upwards
and disappeared leaving the landscape lit only by the residual glow from
the sky. The night insects begin their creaking chirps all around me.

He had been gone for hours now. Left me sweating and smoking in the
shade of the car with the windows open. Now the steel panels of the
cars tick against each other as the temperature drops. I get out of the
car and lean against it. I can feel the still-hot metal burning my ass
through my skirt.

The darkness creeps in, overtaking the wind-carved shapes of the big
desert rocks around me, sucking in the striations across their faces
and turning them to a fluid black. Out of the corner of my eye I keep
catching those hulking dark shapes moving.

I am sure I am surrounded by creatures. Huge slow-moving monsters from
an age remembered by the subconscious of the human mind, but long ago
eradicated by human ingenuity. But maybe not in this place. Maybe here
they remain, active by night, stalking me with patience. Closer each
time I look in a different direction, but when I look directly at them
they return to shadowed, still stone.

My eyes trace the line of the horizon. It's easy to follow with the
contrast of the dark land below and the still-glowing sky above. As
my eyes go around, the creatures on either side of me flee into the
blackness. No movement ever comes to the center of my vision.

But then it does. Between two crags there is a shadow that now is
definitely moving in the center of my vision. Growing larger as it comes
towards me.

It is him.

Even in the twilit shadows I can tell he is naked. There's a huge knife
in his hand, some kind of machete long enough to hang down below his
knees. The shadows looked to be clinging to his body, climbing up his
legs, across his chest, swallowing his forearms and the shiny blade of
the machete as if some larger being had dipped its human quill in ink
before drawing cryptic letters. The ink drips from his knife into the
sand.

He stumbles towards me without a word. I ask what happened to him, but
he does not answer. He comes up to me and drops the knife in the dirt.
He puts his arm around me and pulls me against him burying his face in
my neck. I can smell dirt and sweat on him. The tinge of salts on the
tip of my tongue. I run my hands over his arms and realize that it was
not a mirage -- the shadows that consumed him are liquid.

"What is on your arms?"

"Blood."

He kisses me so I cannot ask him any further questions. Then he takes a
step back, holding my chin in his hand at arms length. I can feel the
roughness of his hand as he slides it down my neck, and then it rests
for a second on my shoulder. Then he is pushing me to my knees.

"Wait, wait. Don't you need..."

"No."

His cock is engorged. Level before my eyes. The center of my vision. I
lean into it. My lips part and I move my mouth over the thing. I feel
his hand on the back of my head, pushing me closer, though slowly. His
cock is salty in my mouth. I taste a mix of his experiences from the
last few hours: sweat, cum, pussy.

But I cannot ask him questions, my mouth full as full as it is. I suck
his cock despite myself. Somehow it compels me, tainted though it may
be with some other woman, some other horrific events from the last few
hours. I let it slip deep into my throat. All I want is to suck it
clean, to purge him of whatever it was he had done.

I think he might be about to cum, but he pushes me back. He lifts me and
pulls my body against his. He pushes me back onto the hood of the car,
the metal still warm beneath my ass. His hands slip up under my skirt
and slide my panties down to my ankles.

I can see the whites of his eyes. He is breathing heavily. He tears my
blouse open and takes my nipples in his mouth. His hands spread my legs,
and his fingers find my cunt. I lean back on the car, kick my panties
from my feet, and wrap my legs around his body. I want to take him in.
The stars begin to peep out in the black sky above as his cock enters
me.

He fucks me on the hood like an animal, like one of those antediluvian
creatures of the desert that had crept at the edge of my vision. His
hands grip my upper arms and he holds me down pinned against sheet
metal. He fucks me so hard my tits bounce against his body. I grab his
ass and pull him deeper inside me.

He releases my arms. I put my hands on his shoulders and push him back.
He rolls over, underneath me now. I spread my legs and lower myself onto
his desperately thrusting dick. I sit upright, driving my pussy down on
him as far as I can, my liquid lust engulfing him. I hold him inside me,
and grind my clit against his hard body.

His hands slide up my thighs, my belly, over my tits. I realize
everywhere he touches me he is leaving dark prints of blood. His fingers
touch my chin, slip into my mouth, and I taste the blood them.

I suck the blood off his fingers.

My head goes back, and I can feel my orgasm rising up my spine. I look
at the stars against the dark field above, and with my mouth open,
scream out my orgasm to them.

His fingers circle my neck. His grip tightens. Brightness at the edges
of my vision now, where creatures are once again moving. The sky above
turns to pitch, and the pointed stars glow white hot. He groans and
sweats below me, and then floods into me.

Blackness overtakes the bright edges of my vision, and rises up
swallowing the sky, until there is nothing left to see, and no movement
to trick my eyes any longer.



